[Autogenerated] All right, welcome back.
So we just got done.
Looking at Ken is is data Analytics in the console,
and this clip is going to start diving into video streams.
Now,
Chinese video streams is another fully managed service and allows
us to stream live video from devices to a W s.
And what's cool about it is it includes real time streaming,
not just data storage.
So what this means is we can use this service to watch video streams
in real time as their received into the cloud.
It's pretty neat.
And in addition to this,
it allows us to capture massive amounts of data from
millions of sources around the world.
And these include smartphones,
security cameras or maybe even drones that people are piloting.
It has a lot of flexibility for the producers that
can put data into the streams.
Now, even though it does video data,
it also allows us to send non video time serialized data.
So a good example of this would be audio data.
That's obviously not video data,
but we can send that through video streams for data
that needs to be time serialized,
and obviously audio data needs to be time serialized,
So it's flexible in the aspect that it doesn't just do video.
You can also send non video.
Now,
the last point we have here is it condole ra ble store media
data for a specified retention period.
So this is similar to data streams and data firehose where it could
store our records in our data for specific retention period that we
set and we'll take a look at those in the console when we start
playing around with video streams.
Now, let's go ahead.
We'll end here and we'll pick back up in the console where we'll
start looking at video streams within A W. S.